Something that's really important in life, although I don't really have
it in abundance myself. It's your connection with other people, be
it your family, be it your close friends, be it your coworkers. You
should really try to put yourself out there in the world, try to become
you know a part of this world. I know that sounds very theoretical,
but like if you're living in isolation, yes you're playing your
video games, yes your studying all day and all night, and if you don't
have that much interaction with other people in real life, then
I think that you're missing out on something that is a really really
really critical to make this world go round you know. I think you'd
find yourself smiling a lot more every day and finding a better peace
when you don't have any enemies around you, when you are looking
out for your brothers and your sisters beside you.